of support that I've had when I've taken a chance and the results been
poor have been not only from subordinates on my peers, but also just
are my superiors as well, because they were aware that maybe what
we're trying to do was outside the norm. Or it was, you know, a stretch
that it was gonna be an achievable goal. But we still put forth
an effort. We tried our best, and in the end, you know, it just didn't
happen. So, you know, the subordinates feel that, like, they know
that they did the best they could. They feel that they were led the
best they possibly could, and we still failed. All right, that's OK.
So their support from them piers, obviously they're working with you
side by side on things to get that accomplished. And then the superiors,
you probably were the ones that gave you the task and knew that
it was somewhat unachievable that just wanted to see if you could
get there and you failed. Well, you know they're going to support
you as well.